
# Data processing using pyspark and vizualization using apache superset

An institution, ran a marketing campaign to convince potential customers to invest in a bank term deposit scheme.

The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls. Often, the same customer was contacted more than once through phone, in order to assess if they would want to subscribe to the bank term deposit or not. Here marketing analysis of the data generated by this campaign is done using pyspark.

Analysis done-:

1)Load data and create a Spark data frame

2)Marketing success rate (No. of people subscribed / total no. of entries)

3)Maximum, mean, and minimum age of the average targeted customer

4)Check if age matters in marketing subscription for deposit

5)Check if marital status mattered for a subscription to deposit

6)Check if age and marital status together mattered for a subscription to deposit scheme

Vizualization final result in apache superset. 



## Deployment

To deploy this project run

```bash
  docker compose build 
```
this builds the conatiners.

run to analyse the data by running

```bash
    docker compose up
```

For Visualization clone the apache superset repo

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/apache/superset.git 
```
Launch Superset Through Docker Compose

navigate to superset folder

```bash
    cd superset
```
then run the following command 

```bash
    docker-compose -f docker-compose-non-dev.yml pull
    docker-compose -f docker-compose-non-dev.yml up
```
loging in to superset via web browser by visiting 
```bash
    http://localhost:8088
```
Log in with the default username and password
```bash
    username:   admin
    password:   admin
```
connect superset to database instance.

